You're late.
I said you're late.
Sorry.
You work here now?
Yeah, just a few weeks.
You look great.
What kind of get you?
I tried texting you, you know.
After you ended it.
Try last day. That was your favourite.
Jade, you were my favourite.
Oli, you know why I have to...
I know, but I want to study your religion.
Yeah, that's why I texted it.
Well, I got a new phone and I didn't...
I didn't see them.
Okay, but...
How about I leave you my number and we can meet up?
That's when you walked away.
Tell me you walked away.
He gave me his number.
What?
No.
Jade.
He said he wants to study.
Yeah, he wants to study you.
We can't read hearts.
I think I can read yours.
He was sweet.
And if he wants to know the truth...
I...
I can't even believe this.
What does it say?
It says low battery.
No.
This.
Second Corinthians 614.
Do not become unevenly yoked with unbelievers.
There was no yoking.
I haven't yoked.
But this opens the door to the yok.
I'm not stupid.
You act like I don't know this.
No, you act like you don't know this.
That's a lot of backstory.
You asked what happened.
I thought you're like, you know,
some open a word or something.
Anyway.
No, you know.
So, are you gonna call him then?
I don't think so.
Why not?
Because I don't think it's religion that he's interested in.
I could have told you that.
I made you a cup.
You're amazing.
Listen.
I'm sorry.
I know I came all strong.
No.
You were right.
But I could have been more patient.
I reacted too quickly.
I know you know what the right thing to do is.
I should have given you more time to talk out.
I called Brother Davies and gave him the background
and said if he's really interested,
he'll have a study.
Then I deleted Ollie's number.
I knew it.
I knew you'd do the right thing.
Well, sometimes.
But I should have been more patient.
And I should have heard you out.
It's just not what I wanted to hear in the moment.
So we're good?
Always.
No more apologizing until I finish this coffee.
It's too painful.
It's so nice.